analyzer/README.md, before:

# Set up backend for windows:

download cuda 11.8: https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-11-8-0-download-archive

conda create --name openmmlab python=3.8 -y
conda activate openmmlab
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio pytorch-cuda -c pytorch -c nvidia

pip install -U openmim
mim install mmengine
mim install "mmcv==2.0.1"
mim install "mmdet>=3.1.0"

cd mmpose
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install -v -e .
mim download mmpose --config td-hm_hrnet-w48_8xb32-210e_coco-256x192  --dest .

download ffmpeg: choco install ffmpeg

cd analyzer
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py

# Frontend Setup

The frontend is built with React, TypeScript, and Material UI. Follow these steps to get it running:

1. Navigate to the frontend directory:
   ```bash
   cd frontend
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

The frontend will be available at http://localhost:5173 (or another port if 5173 is in use). The development server includes:
- Hot Module Replacement (HMR) for instant updates
- TypeScript compilation
- Material UI components and theming
- Modern responsive design

Note: Make sure you have Node.js (v16 or later) installed on your system before running the frontend.

03/29 22:40:31 - mmengine - INFO - the output video has been saved at C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_alcaraz_test\alcaraz_test.mp4
Re-encoding video from C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_alcaraz_test\alcaraz_test.mp4 to C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_alcaraz_test\temp_output.mp4

Failed to load OpenH264 library: openh264-1.8.0-win64.dll
        Please check environment and/or download library: https://github.com/cisco/openh264/releases

[libopenh264 @ 000001b31af0c980] Incorrect library version loaded
[ERROR:0@37.027] global cap_ffmpeg_impl.hpp:3264 open Could not open codec libopenh264, error: Unspecified error (-22)      
[ERROR:0@37.027] global cap_ffmpeg_impl.hpp:3281 open VIDEOIO/FFMPEG: Failed to initialize VideoWriter
Video re-encoding completed
Saved processed video to: C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\alcaraz_test_pose.mp4

03/29 22:41:56 - mmengine - INFO - the output video has been saved at C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_djokovic_test\djokovic_test.mp4
Re-encoding video from C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_djokovic_test\djokovic_test.mp4 to C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_djokovic_test\temp_output.mp4
[libopenh264 @ 000001b3a38d29c0] Incorrect library version loaded
[ERROR:0@121.178] global cap_ffmpeg_impl.hpp:3264 open Could not open codec libopenh264, error: Unspecified error (-22)     
[ERROR:0@121.179] global cap_ffmpeg_impl.hpp:3281 open VIDEOIO/FFMPEG: Failed to initialize VideoWriter
Video re-encoding completed
Saved processed video to: C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\djokovic_test_pose.mp4

Commit message:

work-in-progress react native app implemented
currently, the app is capable of uploading videos and has an analysis tab to show the videos with some (placeholder) analysis data. we need to fine tune the UI, connect the app to the actual analyzer backend, and fix the non-functioning parts of the react app (uploading more than one video, aspect ratio of videos appearing off, etc.) So far the app has only been tested on web.

analyzer/README.md, after:

# Set up backend for windows:

download cuda 11.8: https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-11-8-0-download-archive

conda create --name openmmlab python=3.8 -y
conda activate openmmlab
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio pytorch-cuda -c pytorch -c nvidia

pip install -U openmim
mim install mmengine
mim install "mmcv==2.0.1"
mim install "mmdet>=3.1.0"

cd mmpose
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install -v -e .
mim download mmpose --config td-hm_hrnet-w48_8xb32-210e_coco-256x192  --dest .

download ffmpeg: choco install ffmpeg

cd analyzer
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py

# Frontend Setup

The frontend is built with React, TypeScript, and Material UI. Follow these steps to get it running:

1. Navigate to the frontend directory:
   ```bash
   cd frontend
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

The frontend will be available at http://localhost:5173 (or another port if 5173 is in use). The development server includes:
- Hot Module Replacement (HMR) for instant updates
- TypeScript compilation
- Material UI components and theming
- Modern responsive design

Note: Make sure you have Node.js (v16 or later) installed on your system before running the frontend.

# React Native App
The mobile application is built with React Native using Expo, providing a native mobile experience for video analysis.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- Expo CLI: `npm install -g expo-cli`
- Expo Go app on your mobile device (for testing)

### Setup and Running

1. Navigate to the mobile app directory:
```bash
cd analyzer-mobile
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the Expo development server:
```bash
npx expo start
```

03/29 22:40:31 - mmengine - INFO - the output video has been saved at C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_alcaraz_test\alcaraz_test.mp4
Re-encoding video from C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_alcaraz_test\alcaraz_test.mp4 to C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_alcaraz_test\temp_output.mp4

Failed to load OpenH264 library: openh264-1.8.0-win64.dll
        Please check environment and/or download library: https://github.com/cisco/openh264/releases

[libopenh264 @ 000001b31af0c980] Incorrect library version loaded
[ERROR:0@37.027] global cap_ffmpeg_impl.hpp:3264 open Could not open codec libopenh264, error: Unspecified error (-22)      
[ERROR:0@37.027] global cap_ffmpeg_impl.hpp:3281 open VIDEOIO/FFMPEG: Failed to initialize VideoWriter
Video re-encoding completed
Saved processed video to: C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\alcaraz_test_pose.mp4

03/29 22:41:56 - mmengine - INFO - the output video has been saved at C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_djokovic_test\djokovic_test.mp4
Re-encoding video from C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_djokovic_test\djokovic_test.mp4 to C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\temp_djokovic_test\temp_output.mp4
[libopenh264 @ 000001b3a38d29c0] Incorrect library version loaded
[ERROR:0@121.178] global cap_ffmpeg_impl.hpp:3264 open Could not open codec libopenh264, error: Unspecified error (-22)     
[ERROR:0@121.179] global cap_ffmpeg_impl.hpp:3281 open VIDEOIO/FFMPEG: Failed to initialize VideoWriter
Video re-encoding completed
Saved processed video to: C:\Users\quanv\mmpose\mmpose\analyzer\output\djokovic_test_pose.mp4
